Most of the community says VLC is a bad media player or is bloated. I do not agree with this because there is no evidence to back this up. Saying deinterlacing is bad like... who needs that as a feature? You're lucky that VLC even was courageous enough to add ability to watch live video, which im sure MPV/Any other media player can't play M3U/M3U8 files (because they are worse than VLC). Building font cache doesn't take that long, does it really bother you that much? Also imagine using ASS subs, SRT is obviously much better and has more support. Old decoding plugins are not an issue, as most of the encoding community already uses H263 as the main video codec. Calling the video filters bad and slow without evidence is not a good thing, which i am sure is a false statement made by ANTIS that have nothing to do but bother the obviously better media player.
⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻
Because FLAC introduces artifacts into the audio. Only the industry knows what they're doing and even then I doubt it. I once did FLAC and got into a lot of trouble because they were considered mini encodes. I trust what Koby from kametsu has to say on FLAC.
⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻⸻
Part 1: I have no idea how you came to the conclusion that I'm "shilling" for AV1. Like WTF? Just giving an alternative for HEVC is now shilling? What kind of dumbass logic is that. Yes, I complain about compatibility but that has nothing to do with why I recommended using AV1 in my previous comments. That was just to give an alternative to using HEVC or as a way to say, "Look guys if you don't wanna go for compatibility why not go for AV1 instead of HEVC as its the best in class right now?" How you came to the conclusion that that was "shilling" is beyond me. But hey, whatever finds calms your tits, you do you my boy.

Part 2:  You guys are the most dumbfuck elitist egoist asswipes I've recently seen. Oh! so you wrote a code on vapoursynth and now you think you know better than anyone? You think you know the whole codec by just doing some random ass experiements? Shut the fuck up. You think you know better than the people who worked their ass off, got a degree (unlinke your bitchasses) and got a job at google and who work on youtube, you think you know better than them? Shut the fuck up. Oh! so you don't think wikipedia is reliable. Oh my bad its not as if it is trusted by billions of people around the world and just happens to spread misinformation about the one topic you dislike Oh yeah that sounds about right, right? Shut the fuck up.
I've seen you faggots with your whole elitist attutudes go and talk around like you know it all. Bitch, there's probably only one or two people that know what their doing. Those people still want to learn so they stay humble and don't bitch about some screenshots or just conclude that one codec is bad / good based on one or two anime only experiments. Just shut the fuck up. Live your miserable hollow life with your elitist discord "community". I'm out of this shithole.